Lili
What do you mean by that?
Don't worry about the goblin
Even for you
I also want to uncover the true face of this person
Lily speak loudly
Li Shuai and the others will support us
Wu Tian, you want to deceive people by swaggering
It's useless.
I advise you
Better apologize quickly
Well, it's good for you and my cousin
You think too much.
I have never deceived anyone.
You want me to break it?
You get someone to pretend to be Mr. Raul
Isn't it just for the fans' own lies?
Unfortunately, I have been to the sunset
You lied to others.
But you can't fool me
He dared to find someone to pretend to be Mr. Raul
Don't eat to death
Wu Tian, you are not qualified to be a force
Go to Mr. Raul immediately and kneel down and apologize to him
My brother, how could you do such a thing?
This is too serious.
I'm afraid the marshal can't keep his energy
Just ridiculous
Just an old ear
Why should I talk to someone?
He is an adult you cannot afford to offend
But in my eyes
It's worthless.
Wu Tian, you are suicidal
Take back what you just said immediately
Wu Tian, you have no idea what you are talking about
I don't think it's his official
Wait for Mr. Raul to send it
You don't cherish the last chance
You really let me down.
Mr. Raul arrives
Today is a grand day
I didn't expect so many people.
It's so hilarious